https://canvas.iastate.edu/courses/79161/discussion_topics/823831
In what ways do its purpose, content, organization, and format differ from those of the proposals discussed in Chapter 16? In what ways are these elements similar? What might account for the differences?
The project states statistics, showing quality of the project, along with a proper budget, which is something chapter 16 makes a point to mention for the sake of honesty. It establishes a point of resources that the organisaion has to work with and how much they can allocate respectively to each objective it has. It also establishes a work history by explaining the origins of the group and how they worked in the past before reforming and rebranding under a new organisation for the betterment of the clients. It differs a bit having a different form of work scheudling, as this is a large group, it does not have a static schedule to show for every branch, but it does show a bit of one in the frequency of meetings of the board.


In what ways do the writers address the needs and attitudes of the audience?
The writers address the problem of abuse by stating the statistics that they occur at, and then immeditely follow it with how the services listed have bettered the situation. It establishes that the services help families by creating a healthier house enviorment for all within. They next show the accessability of the the services as they state how large spread they are and what all services they offer to help. 

What is the evidence used to support claims made in the proposals?
They used multiple sources with good reputations such as National Committee to Prevent Child Abuse (NCPCA) and Minnesota Committee for Prevention of Child Abuse (MCPCA) which was later transformed into Prevent Child Abuse Minnesota that worked underneath the NCPCA. Both of these groups worked proactively to prevent the abuse of children.

Do the writers appear to be professional according to the criteria presented in Chapter 8? What might the writer have done differently?
