Topic:
    What is the campus or community problem that you will address in your proposal?
        The university accomodates dietary restrictions, however in practice it is often very inefficent and causes delays in the process
    What is your solution?
        Have a pseduo-seperate area to use to prepare food in the same area, but different equipment for their specifications
    Why is this problem/solution important?
        People have dietary restrictions, be it religious or medical, and need specific steps taken for their food to actually be good to go
    How is this a manageable or realistic solution?
        Very.
Audience:
    Who is your primary audience for this proposal? (Who will have the power to accept or reject your proposal?)
        ISU Dining administrators and probably other members of ISU's administration
    What organization does your primary audience work for? What might be their job titles?
        Iowa State University. Titles would be Directors, Managers, etc.
    What professional field or discipline do they represent?
        Hospitality and Management
    What does your primary audience already know about your topic? What do they need to know?
        They know the need for it exsits, and that the system they have at the moment somewhat works.
        They need to know that there is often corss contaminiation in the workspace that could render that batch/meal unsuitable for the people with restrictions
    What is this primary audience's interest in your topic? (Why should this topic be important to your audience?)
        If they accomate more, it would further bring in more people to isu dining
    What cultural characteristics can you identify about your audience?
        Most of ISU Administration does not have dietary restrictions (based on statistics) and do not always see the problem facing from exclusively having dietary restrictons that have harsh requirements.
    What will this audience's attitude be toward you or toward what you're proposing?
        Interested in how they can further improve inclusion for dietary restrictions
    Who might your secondary and tertiary audiences be? How will their needs differ from your primary audience's needs?
        People who use dining services such as students, along with staff and faculty of Iowa State University


Things to talk about
    2 mini cooking spaces at Hawthorn- One for vegetarian one for halal -> same with clydes but just 1 for halal
    Full clean of workstations at Seasons and UDCC during transition periods when switching to halal foods along with a secondary cooking space for vegetarian - installation of a room like UDCC has for Gluten Free / Critical allergy room food.
    Convos having a secondary work space for just vegetarian

Sources
https://www.foodallergy.org/resources/facts-and-statistics
https://www.iowaregents.edu/media/cms/0420_ITEM_2k__Annual_Diversity_Repo_4F655705D4094.pdf
https://www.registrar.iastate.edu/resources/enrollment-statistics  

Grill for Hawthorn and Clyde's